Lattice support for ad738x_fmc project on LFCPNX-EVN (lfcpnx) carrier board. (#1766)
analogdevicesinc/hdl: docs/user_guide/build_hdl.rst

The Lattice build is in a very early version. We are just adding the first
version of library infrastructure support.

> Currently, we only have a single supported project the **ad738x_fmc** for
> **LFCPNX-EVN** carrier board, in ``hdl/projects/ad738x_fmc/lfcpnx`` folder.
> For Lattice, there are separate tools for creating
> a block design **(Propel Builder)** and building an HDL design **(Radiant)**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

.. note::

   Currently, we have only one supported project --- the **ad738x_fmc** for
   **LFCPNX-EVN** carrier board, in ``hdl/projects/ad738x_fmc/lfcpnx`` folder.
   For Lattice, there are separate tools for creating
   a block design **(Propel Builder)** and building an HDL design **(Radiant)**.
```

Author: Fixed.
